 And this is very, let me show the slides. So here are the slides for today. So what is the visper? And why we're discussing that? So mostly when people discuss the generative AI or AI in general, so if I could stone like LLAMs, I don't know, like, paparlats, functions and stuff like that. So everything that works with text, right? Because it has more application to the business than it works with text. But still, usually, what has been forgotten is images and audio processing can't... Regarding the images, I can't say this like easier to monetize this. So not to mention business applications. So I know a lot of cases where clients came to us like 3Pam and asked to create something. Like, I don't know, maybe I read over 100 of cases. And only on this several of them were related to image generation. But some of them, like more of these cases are related to audio. One of the usual requests is, okay, guys, we have 5,000 hours of recordings of meetings or customers calling us for the support. So we need to understand this data, right? So imagine you have a first line support, like people calling, like real users calling, describing the issue and the operators are just sharing what should you do to solve it. And you need to control it somehow, right? So you need to see what are the most of the questions, what are the answers. So is the client as happy or not, right? And for this case, you need to voice processing. And processing the voice is actually very old technology. I don't remember how old it is, but like two things here, usually working is text-to-speech and speech-to-text. And if we check, I didn't know, like, let's check, Asia or text-to-speech. Okay, it's a nice, optional, all right. I got it. Everything is a yeah, I know. Let me check the pricing, actually. TTS pricing. It's super cheap. It's super cheap. Okay, I think here. So this is, okay, free tier, all right. Basically, all right, then it is one. So speech-to-text. So in order to transcript something, like if you have a phone call, real-time transcription, $1 per hour, that's too much. Okay, buy transcription. So if I have a lot of audio calls, I didn't know, like, one agreed. I can post them as a batch, and this will result me in 80 cents per hour, so not too much, actually. Yeah, as usually, like Microsoft has, like, very complicated stuff for billing. So it's hard to understand how much you will spend. Yeah, and here is like text-to-speech. So it's probably two directions, like from speech you can extract text, and from text you can generate speech, right. And this is like the standard voice. I think this standard voice become neural during, like, last year, because previously they had different pricing. Like, the standard voice is like this robotized voice, usually here when you call a bank or something. And neural voice is like more pleasant, more realistically, more naturally, not told. So right now, I don't think they should have some kind of like cheap voice, like this old cheap voice. Probably it's inside the easy-reached studio, but the trick is it's not expensive, right. So one billion characters is like, it's a lot. $15 for business, it's like, well, not too much, I think. So, and in case we have 1,000 of like phone calls transcripted, so it will result as is only less than $200. So that's acceptable for that. And they definitely use machine learning there, right. So because there's no way programmatically.